Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
One more attack and it's over.
There's nothing I can do.
Say goodbye, Zuzu!
Aah!
It's now for our duelists to
learn who they will be facing
in their first matches.
My first opponent is...
Julia!
My duel starts after
we wrap up here.
And then I'm up next!
So Fredrick,
Allie, and Zuzu
will represent the first
wave of team Yusho!
Oh! Aah!
(groaning)
I tried my hardest t' win.
Honest.
Allie...
we're proud of you!
Huh?
Keep fighting and before
y' know it, you'll win.
Losing any duel in the
tournament is bad enough,
but losing to Leo
is the worst.
Don't worry.
I'll even the score with them
and that's a promise.
I'm facing a Leo duelist
in the first round, too.
When I'm done with Julia,
she'll be oh‐for‐one!
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Nico Smiley)
The ARC League Championship
is underway!
Gathered here are the world's
most talented young duelists,
all battling feverishly
for the chance to become
divisional titleholders!
As our first round unfolds,
we've already witnessed
some stunning upsets,
but the best is yet to come!
Break a deck, Zuzu!
Knock zah knockwurst
out of your opponent!
Steal the spotlight, Zuzu!
(Zuzu)
I don't get it.
When Shay first showed up and
challenged Julia to a duel,
she had no clue who he was.
But this morning...
Shay's been at the
institute all year.
He was in my Advanced
Dueling Linguistics class
last semester.
(Zuzu)
Why has she suddenly
changed her tune?
Hello, Zuzu. You planning
on losing to me again?
(groaning)
Don't count on it,
Julia!
I've been training hard
ever since you beat me,
and now I'm ready
to even the score!
I'm not the same duelist
as last time.
Be careful!
If you underestimate me,
you'll be sorry!
All right.
I'll give you a chance
to prove yourself,
even though I doubt
anything has changed.
Our next bout
features two dueling damsels
as You Show's very own
bold and brassy Zuzu Boyle
takes on
her rival Julia Krystal,
representing
the Leo Institute!
These tenacious teens are
determined to seize the moment,
but there can be
only one winner!
Yeah!
My daughter rules!
You show her who's boss!
Go, Zuzu!
Huh?
Hmm.
(Nico Smiley)
Now, the Action Field for
this afternoon's slugfest
will be randomly selected
by the stadium ARC System!
And the lucky card is...
Oh, boy!
Let's hope these girls
don't have vertigo, folks,
'cause this contest is about to
take them high in the sky!
The system has selected
Infinite Bridges!
(computer voice)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generating Action Field.
(Nico Smiley)
I don't know who designed
this crazy construction,
but you can be sure nobody
checked the safety code
before they started building!
You'll need
some fearless footwork
to keep from falling off
the walkways
and straight
out of this contest!
We've got plenty of altitude,
girls.
Now show me
some intense attitude!
You won our last duel,
Julia,
but this time
you're going down!
Not so fast, Zuzu.
You're the one taking a dive!
There's only one way
for us to settle this!
(both)
By clobbering it out on
the court with our duel decks!
Ready...
Let's do this!
(computer voice)
Action Cards dispersed.
I'm up first,
and I'll start my onslaught
by activating the spell
Gem‐Knight Fusion!
It lets me fuse two Gem‐Knight
monsters in my hand together!
(Zuzu)
Julia's not wasting time.
She's fusing right away,
just like in our last duel!
Feast your eyes on this!
I fuse Gem‐Knight Sapphire,
Crystal and my Garnet!
Now, watch!
My three Gem Knights
will meld the blue glow of
power, the red fire of truth,
and the silver gleam
of clarity,
recombining their strengths
to make way for an even
more powerful monster!
I fusion summon the mighty
Gem‐Knight Master Diamond!
Bringing out your heavy
hitter right away, huh?
(chuckles)
It's a cut above the rest,
so why wouldn't I?
Master Diamond gains
100 attack points
for every gem monster
in my graveyard.
She's taking advantage of the
three knights she just fused.
Gong sure hates to say it,
but that diamond's shinin'.
With the help of
those three knights,
Julia's master diamond
gains 300 attack points.
Since my diamond's all polished
now, I'll let you take over.
I've been hoping you'll show
a little improvement
since our last duel.
You'll probably disappoint me,
but try to keep this close.
I'll do better than that!
Hah!
I'll start off with a spell.
Check it out.
Does it look familiar?
Polymerization!?
That's right. I'm going to
beat you at your own game!
I fuse Aria the Melodious
Diva with Sonata!
This is your biggest
performance yet, ladies!
Harmonize your voices 'til they
form a perfect musical blend!
I fusion summon!
Make your entrance, Schuberta
the Melodious Maestra!
That was
music to my ears!
Goose prickles!
Bravo, Zuzu!
Use that creativity
to crush the competition!
I'm activating Schuberta's
special ability!
Once per turn,
my Melodious Maestra
can banish all the cards
that were used to
summon a fusion monster!
Huh?
And that means
your gem collection
is about to get
a lot smaller!
You're gonna lose Sapphire,
Garnet, and Crystal,
plus your precious spell
Gem‐Knight fusion
will be vaporized, too!
Chorus break!
Cool! Zuzu already
knocked 300 attack points
off of Julia's Gem‐Knight
Master Diamond!
My Maestra will
also get stronger.
She's gaining
200 attack points
for each one of your
cards that was banished.
I don't know what Zuzu ate
for breakfast this morning,
but I'm having some
before my next duel!
She did even better
than you think.
Huh?
Remember the spell card that
Julia used to fusion summon?
Well, normally she'd be able
to return it to her hand
and then use it to fusion summon
a monster over and over again.
But thanks t' Zuzu,
she can't fusion anymore.
(Sora)
If you think she's good, wait
'til you see me in action!
Hold your ears,
'cause Schuberta
is about to unleash
her latest composition,
and it's going to
rock your world!
Sonic surrender!
Now that I
demolished your Diamond,
I place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
That means my Maestra's
attack points
drop back to 2,400,
but she'll be ready
for anything
you throw her way.
Go figure! That You Show
flunkie isn't half bad.
She might be a diamond
in the rough.
That was a one hit wonder!
I draw!
Oh, it's so adorable
that you think
you can go fusion
to fusion with me,
but it's painfully clear you'll
never be on my level, Zuzu!
That's right, Julia!
I just made sure you can't
fusion summon anymore,
so I'm not on your level,
I'm at the top looking down!
Oh, you're so naive.
Now, watch a master in action!
I activate brilliant fusion!
With this spell, I can fuse
monsters that are in my deck
in order to fusion summon
a new Gem‐Knight!
You can fuse monsters
in your deck!?
I take three Gem‐Knights...
Alexandrite, Emerald,
and Obsidian
and fuse my trio together!
No way! Julia still found
a way to fusion summon!
It's unreal
how nothing fazes her.
Yeah! I wonder what other
tricks she's got up her deck?
Magical Rock of
Dark and Light,
join the Gleaming Green
Knight of Good Fortune
and the Black Knight
of Chaos and Combat!
Combine your brilliance to forge
a blinding new brightness!
I fusion summon!
Now make way for...
the strongest and
most precious of my knights...
Gem‐Knight
Lady Brilliant Diamond!
Awesome! Now it's time
for Julia to shine!
Unfortunately, when I use
brilliant fusion
to bring out a monster,
my fusion monster's attack
and defense points
drop to zero.
Zero!?
But if I send a spell
card to the graveyard,
its attack points return to
normal until my next turn,
so I'd better find me one!
What are they
having a race for?
T' get an action card!
Julia needs t'
snag a action spell
or her Diamond's
gonna be worthless!
And if Zuzu wants to
win this duel,
she better stop her!
(Zuzu)
That action card's mine,
Julia!
And to make sure of that,
I'm playing the trap‐‐
Musical Mayhem!
This card'll give you a jolt
for 800 points of damage!
By the time you recover,
I'll have that action card!
Aah!
(Nico Smiley)
What a gymtastic move!
This LID kid just put
the action in action card!
No wonder she's near
the top of her class!
This action card's
a spell,
and I send it
to the graveyard
so that
my brilliant Diamond
gets all her
attack points back!
Time to shine!
Unsheathe your sword
and silence Zuzu's Maestra!
Aah!
Zuzu!
(grunting)
(Nico Smiley)
Whoa, talk about a close call!
Zuzu was one grab away
from taking the downtown express
to vanquished‐ville!
Julia had me worried
for a minute,
but it looks like she's right
back in the swing o' things.
(grunting)
You said you've been training
hard since our last duel,
but from what I can tell,
I'd say you need
a lot more practice!
But feel free to try
and change my mind!
Oh, I will!
(Zuzu)
If Julia keeps
picking up action cards,
I'll be playing from behind
for the rest of the duel.
I have to think
of a way to stop her!
Aah!
I'm placing a monster
facedown in a defense mode!
Really? You'll never
beat me by playing it safe.
(Zuzu)
You know what, Julia?
I'm not playing it safe.
I think I know
what you're gonna do,
but if I'm wrong,
it's over for me.
I'm playing another facedown
and ending my turn.
What?
That's all Zuzu could do?
No need t' fret,
Freddy, ol' boy!
Sure, Julia's got
some skills,
but Zuzu's got one enormous
advantage over her.
She learned to fusion summon
from the best‐‐ me!
It's my turn again!
Due to brilliant
fusion's effect,
my Brilliant Diamond's attack
points drop back to zero,
but not for long.
You need another action card,
but I'll get to it first!
Dream on, because
I'm summoning Crystal Rose!
And this flower can take
the place of another monster
when I fusion summon such
as Gem‐Knight Tourmaline!
Brilliant Diamond,
now's the time
to use
your special ability!
It lets me fusion summon
by using only one monster!
You only need one
monster to fusion!?
Yes. I'm outplaying you
on every level!
I use Crystal Rose
to fusion summon
one of my most
treasured monsters!
I fusion summon!
If you want to beat me
to that action card,
you'll have to slip past
Gem‐Knight Zirconia!
Aw, perfect.
Not again!
(gasps)
Julia's two for two!
As you can see, I picked up
another action spell,
which I will now send
straight to the graveyard
to pump up my Diamond's
attack points!
It feels like we've been
to this movie before,
and I definitely
did not like
how it ended
the last time I saw it!
Zirconia!
Take to the skies
and take out Zuzu's
facedown monster!
(groaning)
So, how will you survive with
no monsters left to protect you?
The answer is that you won't,
because my Lady Diamond
is now going to
attack you directly!
(gasping)
I activate a trap!
Fusion cycle!
This trap lets me
summon a monster
that was used to fusion
summon in attack mode,
and the best part is, I can
summon it from your graveyard!
From my graveyard!?
Hmm!
And the card I want
is Crystal Rose!
And this monster can't
be destroyed in battle!
It might be safe,
but your life points aren't.
(groaning)
Don't bother getting up,
'cause you're
down for the count!
(groaning)
You caught a lucky break.
You couldn't have used
fusion cycle to save yourself
if I didn't fusion summon.
You're so lucky that I did.
No, Julia, luck had
nothing to do with it!
Hmm?
In fact, I outthought
and outplayed you!
I played fusion cycle
to protect myself
because I knew you'd
try to end this duel
with a fusion monster!
You're so predictable.
You played
right into my hands
and right out of
this championship!
Don't flatter yourself.
You make one lucky move
and think
your skills make you
shine like a diamond?
Your knowledge
about fusion summoning
is as worthless as that
pathetic duel school of yours
that hasn't entertained
anyone in ages.
I'll prove you wrong,
starting here and now!
You've been training so hard
with Sora, I couldn't imagine
you not having this
for the championship!
It might be
the way of our enemy,
but I know that you are doing it
to protect your friends.
I admire that.
(Zuzu)
All the prep work
I did to help my friends
will be for nothing unless
I make this draw count!
I draw!
You might be thinking you
have the upper hand, Julia,
but this cards gonna you have
singing a new tune in no time!
Soprano the Melodious
Songstress, take the stage!
Hmm.
In a performance
you'll never forget,
my Melodious Songstress's
special ability
lets me fusion summon
without using polymerization!
So that's why you
took my crystal rose!
Exactly! Because
I can substitute it
for any monster
I want, and I choose
Mozarta
the Melodious Maestra!
Gorgeous!
She totally created
a fabulous flowery fantasy!
Soprano
the Melodious Songstress,
this is your moment!
Activate your special ability
and fuse with Crystal Rose!
Together, you'll sing
a sensational duet
that will form an even more
melodious monster!
I fusion summon!
Bloom Diva
the Melodious Choir!
♪ Ah ♪
Amazing! Zuzu's totally
nailing this performance!
I thought Julia had
this duel in the bag!
She did, but Zuzu just
ripped a giant hole in it!
It's time to belt
one out, Bloom Diva!
Attack Gem‐Knight Zirconia!
Wait! That fraulein doesn't have
enough attack points to win!
♪ Ah ♪
(roaring)
I forgot to mention
that when Brilliant Diamond
battles Zirconia, not only
is your monster destroyed
instead of mine, but you take
all the damage instead of me!
(gasping)
Vaporizing vocal!
♪ Ah ♪
(groaning)
Amazing!
Whoa, that was
cool times two!
Ooh, yah!
(groaning)
That was a nifty move,
Zuzu,
but it's also going to
cost you big‐time!
By destroying my knight,
you walked into a trap!
Thanks to Brilliant Spark,
you take damage
equal to the attack points
of the Gem‐Knight
you just destroyed!
That'll inflict enough
damage t' wipe out
all o' Zuzu's
life points!
Oh, no!
Zuzu, do something!
I'll spring my own trap...
Melodious Illusion!
It negates your trap,
plus it lets my
Bloom Diva attack again!
Looks like this last number
will be your swan song,
so enjoy it!
All right!
She has
the upper hand again!
Or maybe not!
(Julia)
If I can get an action spell,
I can activate
Brilliant Spark's
additional effect
to stop Melodious Illusion!
This action card
is all mine!
I win, Zuzu!
This is bad news for Zuzu!
If Julia
gets that action spell,
Zuzu can pack up her cards and
kiss this tournament goodbye!
Almost there!
(grunting)
I've got it!
What?
(Nico Smiley)
Whoa!
I've heard of duelists
taking a dive,
but this takes the cake!
Zuzu and her monster
have snatched victory
from certain defeat!
That was nothing! We
practice moves like that
all the time
at You Show!
Are you nuts?! If your
Diva was a second late,
you would've been done for!
I knew my monster
would never let me down.
And now, she's
gonna pick me up.
Bloom Diva, I sense
another song coming on!
Are you ready, Diva?
Then blast
Brilliant Diamond!
Wrecking refrain!
♪ Ah ♪
(groaning)
Julia!
Aah!
Uhh!
Bloom Diva?
Why'd you catch me?
I'm glad you're okay!
(Julia)
You saved me?
Yeah.
(both sighing)
(Nico Smiley)
Folks, that duel was tighter
than the lid on a pickle jar!
But in the end, Zuzu Boyle
of the You Show School
won by an action card!
(all)
Hurray for Zuzu!
(crying)
I'm so proud of you!
You're a chip
off the ol' Boyle!
(crying)
(laughter)
Dad loves you!
Nice goin', Zuzu.
That was my win, too!
See what a great coach I am?
Huh?
Hey, where did that guy go!?
Don't tell me he snuck out
before seeing my
star pupil's big finish!?
Zuzu, I vas wunderstruck
when you fusion summoned
with Julia's card!
Of course, she learned
that move from me,
so I'm the one who
should be congratulated.
(Julia)
Zuzu!
Huh?
Hey, Julia.
I hope you realize
there are going to be
serious consequences
for what you did today!
Huh?
Since you defeated me...
you are required to keep
your winning streak going!
If you lose,
it makes me look bad!
Here, Zuzu.
Take this.
(gasping)
Crystal Rose?
You're giving this
to me? But why?
Huh!
You'll be facing
some tough opponents,
so you'll need
all the help you can get.
Always keep that card
in your deck.
I'll be watching
your duels.
I...
If you lose,
I'll come looking for you!
Goodbye!
And thank you!
I won't let you down!
That's a promise, from one
fusion duelist to another!
♪ You vs. me
competition for
the victory ♪
♪ I could be
the best one day
you make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn
your tricks now what
will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪